Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Ah.
In special news.
Normal is celebrating
152 years since
the railway came to town.
Weather advisory
remains on a high level
with a winter storm...
...looks like it's going to--
So. how's
the motel treating you?
Exactly how you'd
expect for 55 bucks a night.
What'd you do dinner?
I got delivery
from the Chinese place.
Chang Lu's?
Is there
another one?
No. No. Just Chang Lu's.
Have you been to Ernie's
place to try his meatloaf?
It's amazing.
Duly noted.
This is Penny.
Sorry I missed you.
Please leave a message.
and I'll circle
back when I can.
Hey. it's just me.
Ulysses. you know.
your husband.
if you don't mind me
still calling myself that.
I know we agreed
to take some time apart.
that you need space.
I... I get it.
but I just thought
I'd let you know
I landed another
temporary sheriff job
in a little town called
Normal. Minnesota.
Like a lot of small towns.
it's half abandoned.
The other half is nice. though.
People seem
friendly enough.
They built themselves a real
nice little setup here.
considering how hard times are
for most folks
in the country right now.
I don't know
what their secret is.
but I could do with
a serving of it.
Anyway. it's just
for eight weeks
till they elect
the new permanent lawman.
My goal is to leave this town
just the way I found it.
What's the deal
with that jacket?
It's pretty cool. huh?
I got it to match my chopper.
- I didn't know you had one.
- Oh. no. I don't. not yet.
I'm just saving up.
Figured I'd
start with the jacket.
Well. it's loud.
You mean
it's too flashy?
No. I mean it...
...makes noise.
It's literally loud.
And I don't
think it's regulation.
- Right.
- Sorry.
I'll just...
No. no. Just leave it on.
Leave it on.
It's cool. It's very cool.
Whoa. $16.8 million.
Where the hell did this town
get that kind of money?
Community really
came together on that one.
Yeah. I would say.
Hey.
Mayor Kibner!
There he is.
I can't wait
for the parade next week.
We all dress up.
You're going to love it.
I always wanted to be
the parade mascot.
but I never got picked.
I'm not bitter. though.
The guys take their bikes
pretty seriously here.
My bike's probably going
to be a lot like this one.
Jeez. Randy. I wish my
girlfriend was that dirty.
Have you got
a girlfriend. Sheriff?
No. I've got a wife.
She's had it with me.
Then I'll put an
extra sugar in your coffee.
Hey. Tom! How are you?
Hey. Mike. This is
America. God damn it.
What's mine is mine.
for fuck's sake.
She can't go and
talk to me like this.
I'm going to go put a pot on.
I feel like Sisyphus pushing
a rock up a God damn hill.
What's the problem?
Tom's being a Goddamn dick.
- That's the fucking problem.
- Fuck you. you trumped-up--
Whoa! Just communicate
the problem to me.
Depends who the fuck
you're meant to be.
Well. if I'm reading this
badge correctly.
I'm the sheriff.
Yeah. I sure as
shit didn't vote for you.
I understand.
You know Sheriff Gunderson
died. right? Last week?
This is Ulysses.
He's filling in. yeah?
Yeah. I... I heard
something about that.
- Well...
- So you're his replacement?
I'm the interim.
It's like a substitute teacher.
For how long?
He's on week one
of eight.
Morning. peoples!
Morning. Blaine.
Ooh. donuts.
- Hey. Old-fashioned?
- Okay. Well. so.
Carl keeps parking
his Goddamn--
- Carl's his neighbor.
- My neighbor keeps
parking his God damn rig
in my driveway.
- It's a tow truck.
- I see.
Carl has his own
tow trucking company.
- has since high school.
- Hey. Mike.
I lived there first.
It's my property just as much--
Tom's on a flag lot. so they
have to share a driveway.
He's blocking me in!
That fucker's taking 70 percent.
Hang on! Hang on!
Look. You want me
to drive out there
and sort this out
with Carl for you?
Finally. Please.
Okay. Then I best
head out there pronto.
Uh. we're good? All righty.
Then I'll retire to my boudoir.
Hey.
How's that badge. Sheriff?
Keeping it
warm for me?
I'm doing my best.
Election's in six weeks.
Remember to vote for me.
Sure.
Good people.
small problems.
and if my instincts tell me
something is seriously amiss.
well. then I'll get involved.
But yeah. I kind of stopped
trusting my instincts.
It's not that I don't care
anymore. Penny.
It's just. life's a lot easier
when you care a little less.
Then again.
we are who we are.
Nothing to see here.
Oh. there you are. Refill?
What? Oh. Yeah. Sure.
This is a hell of an armory.
Yeah.
Is that C4?
Uh. that-- It is. Yeah.
Why do you have that?
I don't know.
After 9/11.
Sheriff Gunderson applied
for every anti-terrorism
grant available.
Yeah? How much did
he spend on training?
I should probably get
back to the phones.
Well. the door was unlocked.
That's kind of a no-no.
Oh. Sorry about that.
Every town
has its own little quirks.
You can't change 'em.
Two hundred K.
and the instructions
are in Japanese.
The interim job
is not to get
in the way of them.
I'm like a midwife
with a gun...
...helping 'em
transition smoothly.
Oh. damn it. Damn it. Hey!
I like the way you law. man.
Hey. Sheriff.
Welcome to my place.
Oh. you're Ernie?
Yeah. just like my dad
and my granddad before me.
Oh. yeah. Tell me.
What's the story with the decor?
Well. Granddad started
collecting 'em after the war.
and he didn't stop
till the day he died.
Any of them loaded?
Wouldn't be much fun
if they weren't. would it?
So. what can I get you?
Uh. I heard good things
about the meatloaf.
Sure. Coming up.
You got to try the pie
before you leave town.
Hmm.
...dropping temperatures.
Snow is much more likely.
making this our first big
winter storm of the season.
and whoo-whee.
does this look like a doozy.
Fucking weather.
Fucking Minnesota.
...plans
to issue a shelter in place
warning around noon tomorrow.
Say cheese.
What's going on.
Officer?
Uh. I think a moose
just stole your paint.
It is going to be
a busy day today.
I wanted to get your stamp
of approval
on the parade route.
- Okay.
- There's an intersection
that I think are just
a real hornets' nest.
and of course. first.
we have the celebration
of life at the sheriff's.
The... former
sheriff's. that is.
But you don't have to worry
about saying anything.
because the mayor's going
to take care of that.
and there will be food.
It is a potluck.
so it should be fun.
All right.
Anyone
available? There's a situation
with Maynard down at
the hardware store. Over.
Most of my time is
spent on shenanigans.
- low-stakes stuff.
- Report's
two assholes screaming
at each other.
I get to
say "Nothing to see here"
over and over all day.
All right! Just separate!
Separate!
Mike. I need you
to escort old Clayton here
from the premises
and arrest him!
- For what?
- For being a sumbitch!
Sumbitch? More like thrifty.
Amazon's got these
damn near 30 percent off!
Okay. To be fair. Maynard
that seems...
This is America. damn it.
- The customer is always right.
- ...like a fair price.
That's not helping.
Oh. the customer
is always right
when he's trying
to bankrupt the shop-keep?
No. no. Calm down. Calm down.
Listen. Sheriff.
I will be damned
if I'm going to let some old--
Like you need the money!
You look like an angry thumb!
Go home and be
Amazon's bitch. motherfucker!
Guys.
Guys! Guys!
Maybe we just want to bring
the temperature down
a little bit
in front of the temporary
guest from out of town.
Am I right?
Maybe we should
go for a walk. hey?
- Okay! I'm going!
- Huh. Clayton? Okay.
- I'm going!
- Let's go.
Clayton. this is America.
which means you can't walk out
of a store without paying.
- That's a good point.
- It's called shoplifting.
Maynard.
you thieving motherfucker!
Enjoy your long walk
in the snow. you geriatric tool!
- Sumbitch!
- Okay. Come on now.
Asshole!
How often does that happen?
Once. twice a week
if I'm lucky.
and it's not like
he needs the money.
He just likes pissing up my leg.
Whoa. There's a lot
of locks on that cabinet.
What's going on there?
Stump removers.
Uh. what does that mean?
Old-school
stump removers.
I still don't know exactly
what you're talking about.
Sheriff. come quick!
What? I want
to hear your answer.
It's the yarn?
What-- What about it?
It's the yarn. I--
I-- Look. Look.
I'm sorry. This is
your "Sheriff. come quick"?
I ordered pink.
and they gave me mauve.
Uh. not to play
devil's advocate.
but that is not pink.
That is mauve.
Mauve. That's what I said.
What should I do?
Well. I... I'm not going
to be able to help you.
because they look
exactly the same to me.
I'm sorry. I'm color-blind.
All right. Well.
unlike you. Sheriff.
my clientele's a bit more
discerning.
They're not color-blind.
No offense.
Mike?
Are you there? Over.
Mike. come on. Pick up.
Are you still with the sheriff?
Is that a police
scanner you got?
You keeping tabs on me?
Yes. sir. and a CB radio.
- Oh.
- I get lonely.
And nosy.
Copy that. Sally.
I'm on my way.
Take care.
Call the fire
department next time.
- Oh. I...
- I'm kidding.
Your buck goes a lot
further out here.
That's for sure.
Gunderson had got himself
the Big Mac of McMansions.
He must have issued a hell of
a lot of parking tickets
to get that.
So. what do you say about
a man like Gunderson?
He was a son of a bitch.
But he was our son of a bitch.
- Boss?
- He was a great golfer. right?
- Boss.
- A medium fisherman and...
Oh. What's up?
You got to get
in on this.
This is just like Christmas.
You got
Pete's meats.
fortune cookies.
all you can eat.
You want me to make you a plate?
Uh. not unless I want
to end up like Gunderson.
Oh. That reminds me.
I think you should
be wearing this.
But I thought you
said you had only one.
I did. but when the visitation
was over and done with.
I nicked it off of the corpse
before they closed the casket.
So. you enjoy
the power while it lasts.
Oh. what a trip that was.
Those Japanese sure
love their golf.
So. what'd you pick?
Oh. Uh. Ashford something.
I always tend to lean
toward the Irish.
Seven Gs a bottle.
- Dr. Velie.
- Ulysses.
Um. you signed. uh.
Sheriff Gunderson's
death certificate. right?
Sadly. yes. I did.
What happened there?
Well. a couple Wednesdays ago.
around three in the morning.
Deputy Blaine found him out back
in little more than
his tighty-whities.
frozen like a chunk of ice
chiseled by a chainsaw.
What do you suppose
he thought he was doing?
Not my job to go supposing...
...to be sure.
Gunderson liked his fishing.
He had a fishing rod
in his one hand
and a auger in the other.
so my guess.
man thought he
was going ice fishing.
At night. in his underwear?
Well. as you can see.
the man was a drinker.
And a son of a bitch.
but then again. he was
our son of a bitch. right?
Hey. Doc. Give me a minute.
I'd like to bend his ear. okay?
Now. Yeah. Thank you.
I want to thank you for coming.
Of course.
So. let me get this straight.
Did I hear...
you saw the moose?
I did. I got a picture of it.
God damn!
I am the only one in this
town who has never seen
that fucking moose.
and I keep an eye out for it.
You know.
in Native American culture.
the moose is a symbol
of endurance and survival. Hmm?
- I--
- So.
what do you think
of our little town?
- It's. um. charming.
- Yeah. You know. I hear
that you are a very
laid-back kind of guy.
not a crack-the-whip sort.
Well. I mean.
I've been known to--
Did you ever think
about settling down?
You could be a real sheriff
for more than a few weeks.
You could build a whole new
life here in Normal.
because we really
celebrate the community.
Around here.
it's always one for all.
- That sounds--
- Mayor?
- Yeah?
- It's time.
Yeah.
But I want you to
think about it.
- I will.
- All right.
What do you mean. get out?
Why is that of your--
Fine.
Have you
been sleeping in your van?
What? What?
You're a mess.
You're not
the sheriff yet. Blaine!
Hey. boss.
I was just.
uh. checking on you.
- Uh... you good?
- I'm fine.
Well. I just wanted to let
you know that they put out
more of those mini eggrolls.
They're custom.
And the mayor's just
about to tell the story
about the time he went
on the cruise with Jane Fonda.
so...
You know
who that is in the van?
Sheriff Gunderson's.
uh. daughter. I think.
Alex.
Hey. lawman. Up for a game?
Uh. my hands are shaky.
They only trust me with a gun.
Company. then?
I got to warn you.
I'm not very good.
So. would you say
you knew Gunderson well?
Gunderson? Yeah.
I knew him pretty well.
It was sad. the way he. uh...
you know.
But he liked to drink.
He liked to fish.
So the way I see it. he died
doing what he loved best.
You fish?
Uh. when I was a kid.
with my dad.
- You?
- Me? Fuck no.
Probably the only one
in town who don't.
but in the end. death...
comes for us all.
don't it. lawman?
I'm not getting
a Sheriff out of you. huh?
If you really were. you would.
but are you?
You've been listening
to my internal monologue.
haven't you?
That's my job.
I'm Moira.
the barkeeper here.
Rack 'em up.
Why are you here?
Stop fucking around.
Come on.
I'm all ears.
All right.
I used to be a regular sheriff.
Nice county
with a couple little towns
just like this one.
I married my
high school sweetheart.
- Perfect.
- It was. I was. uh...
pretty proud of myself.
I walked through life
with my head held high.
I knew who I was.
Then this girl. uh...
Her dad. someone I knew.
a. uh. upstanding citizen...
had been. uh...
I didn't believe her.
Short while later. there was
an incident at the house.
Gunshots. and I went in.
And she was
standing over him.
He was wounded.
She had a gun out.
And he was cursing her
for what he'd done to her.
And I told her
to put the gun down.
and she didn't hesitate.
She shot him
right between the eyes.
and then she aimed
that gun at me.
And she cursed me
for not believing her.
And then
we both shot.
Um. I had better aim.
After that...
I got dark inside. and...
I didn't know who I was anymore.
and I still don't.
And the wife?
I. uh-- I was hard to be around.
I still call her.
She doesn't answer. but...
I don't mind.
I live in hope one day she will.
You have one message.
Hey. Sheriff.
It's the mayor.
People are really
liking your light touch.
Have you considered
my offer?
Get back to me
as soon as you can.
Come on!
I want a stupid bun.
God damn it.
I bet I can help
you with that!
Oh. Hi. Officer.
- Hey.
- I mean Sheriff. I--
- Got stuck.
- Yeah. I see.
Yeah.
Which you think
will knock it down.
the caramel or the cookie?
Uh. I guess
the caramel should do it.
Yeah.
That's my guess. too.
- What's your dog's name?
- Oh. her name's Olive.
- Nice!
- Yeah!
Hey. Olive.
What a good dog.
My name's Ulysses.
I'm Lori.
You know. I wish these
things had dog food.
- Yeah. Well. someday.
- Yeah.
All right. Well. uh.
watch out for the moose.
- Moose?
- Yeah. Big.
Be careful. He might
try and paint you.
Moose?
Yeah?
Thanks.
Look. I...
I don't know
if I should say this.
But our mustaches
are so similar.
We're like a couple brothers.
Or at least a couple uncles.
Well. I should probably
get back at it. so...
How can love go away?
I mean. did I take
it for granted?
I guess I did.
I didn't protect that girl.
and I lost you in the bargain.
You said I shut down. Penny.
You were right.
Is this what happened
to Gunderson?
Did he give up
and say. "Fuck it."
walk into the snow buck naked?
Oh. that's a hell
of a way to die.
I'm not doing
anything wrong.
You been drinking?
Not when I was driving.
I pulled off to start.
Bourbon?
- That's very impressive.
- You mind if I join you?
I'd-- Joi...
That's a cool belt.
I'm Alex.
I'm Ulysses.
Can I have the cheap booze?
You're Gunderson's
daughter. right?
No.
Oh.
Yeah. Okay. Um. you're...
you're Gunderson's kid.
He had lots of pictures of you
on the wall in his office.
You got his eyes.
Yeah. Those are old pictures.
He's very proud of me.
Daddy's little girl
going military.
Couldn't keep that up.
You were having an argument
with Deputy Blaine
outside the house.
What was that about?
The mayor.
Uh. he didn't want me
to attend the memorial service.
because he said that I would be
too much of a distraction.
- Well. fuck the mayor.
- Yeah.
This town used
to know right from wrong
before Mayor Kibner
got here and...
Tried to make my dad see that.
but he was stuck
between me and the town.
And then I made
him choose. and...
It killed him.
And I don't know what to do.
Neither do I.
But I got an idea
where we could start.
You want to give me that?
Did you catch that?
Yeah. It's my one trick.
How long you been awake?
That's a great question.
I got a place you
can crash.
It's a safe place.
It's the safest place
in town.
- This?
- Yeah.
Hilarious.
Breakfast is included.
Can I get you anything else?
Lock the door.
Sure.
I'll be in my office.
Just yell.
I'll either
be sleeping or...
drinking.
Goodnight.
It's gonna
run like clockwork.
Hey.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Good morning.
food enthusiasts.
Second Street right here.
we cannot block that off
because what if Mr. Neville has
some sort of a terrible fall
down here at his house
and then Mrs. Neville gets
him into the vehicle--
What? How? No. no.
She's a tiny little thing.
- How is she gonna--
- I don't know.
Maybe they have a dolly
or a wheelbarrow or something.
Uh. boss. do
you wanna describe
standard operating procedure
to the civilian for me?
Well.
it's an emergency situation?
It's an emergency.
I'm with Sally.
Just move the cones.
Have we lost all
respect for cones?
The hell is that?
Is that a test?
Shit.
Oh. shit. Oh.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
- Right behind you.
- Come on!
Okay then.
Everybody.
down and stay down!
- Guns. kick 'em to me!
- Nobody move!
Come on! Kick 'em to me!
Okay. Shit.
All right. babe! All clear!
- You!
- Just stay down.
Fill them! Fill them!
Fill them! Fill 'em!
In the bags!
Do what we say
and no one gets hurt!
Everything's
going to be okay.
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Where... Where is
the rest of it? This is it?
Sorry. Nobody uses
cash anymore.
Babe. this is.
like. two grand.
Fuck.
- That's not enough.
- Fuck!
It's not enough! Fuck!
We did all this for two grand?
Take me to the vault.
Really? The vault? Really?
Yeah. Please. Terry.
to the vault.
Stay right there.
Stay right there. Oh. shit.
Keep your hands where
I can goddamn see them!
Hey.
nobody move!
Baby. we don't have the fucking
time to go into the vault.
- We have to go.
- Then we make the time.
Then we make the fucking time.
What's
wrong with him?
- Hey.
- Oh. my God. Fuck!
- Sir?
- Help.
- Don't kick him!
- Are you okay?
Stop asking questions.
Don't you see
he's having a heart attack?
- Help him! Help him!
- Shit!
You said no one was
going to get hurt.
This is not going
like clockwork!
I... I can't open it!
- Push and twist!
- I'm pushing!
I'm pushing and I'm twisting!
I'm pushing and I'm twisting.
Push and twist!
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Okay. Okay. Here
you go. Here you go.
Yeah. Come on.
There we go.
Okay. There we go!
Problem solved!
He's still having
a heart attack.
He's stopped breathing!
He's stopped breathing. babe!
- Help him! Help him!
- Okay!
Chest compressions!
It's fine. It's gonna be fine.
Come on. Come on.
Nobody move!
It's gonna be fine.
Come on. Come on.
Shit.
Sheriff.
when we get to the bank.
you let me and Mike
handle things.
Yeah.
You best supervise.
You know.
you just hang back--
It's gonna be fine.
Come on.
Keith! Oh. my God!
Baby. I'm so sorry!
- Let me see. Let me see.
- You shot me.
It was an accident!
It's just a nick.
The stab wound's worse.
- I'm sorry!
- You killed the other guys.
Yeah. What do I do?
What do I do? What do I do?
Keep going.
Okay. Right. Come on.
- Excuse me? Miss?
- What?
- Do you want me to get that?
The machine will get it.
Come on. Come on.
- No one's answering.
- Keep trying!
What's the point?
It's all automated now anyway.
What's he doing?
Hey. it's okay. Olive.
Is that a dog?
Mike. cover at
the rear.
- Deputy. cover my ass.
- Oh. just hang on.
Guys... I'm going in.
The fuck you are.
- Sir.
- Look.
Let's just wait for
some more backup.
If we don't play this right.
we're going to have
a massacre in there.
- You guys okay?
- Yeah.
Calm down.
This is messy.
What are we going
to do about him?
- Why you asking me?
- Calm cleans messy.
I'm going to talk to them.
We got us a situation.
Yeah. I do know what
I signed up for.
but jeez. I didn't think
I'd actually have to do it.
Hello?
Fuck.
Deputy. what did he say?
You know what he said.
We all agreed
to the same damn thing.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Stay cool!
I'm coming in!
You okay?
Yeah.
Damn it.
Ah!
Oh. shit.
Did you hit his vest?
Fuck.
Hold fire! Hold fire!
Hold your fucking fire!
You have someone out there?
Why are they shooting at you?
Ah!
Motherfucker!
Did I get him?
- Uh--
- Did I get him?
Yeah. Yeah. No.
Ah! My ear!
Mike. my ear!
Get down!
Fuck!
Get behind me!
Go! Go! Go!
You too! Come on!
Move! Move!
Don't shoot!
Stop!
I shot Teddy.
It's fine. alright? Just... Just
help me with my ear.
You think they can
put it back on?
- Okay. Oh. that's bad.
- I need more snow.
Oh. that's bad.
Really bad.
Is this some kind of setup?
Are you guys in on this?
No! We're just--
Shooting at us I get.
It's fair.
We're robbing the bank.
But you're
the sheriff.
Why are they
shooting at you?
I'm at a loss.
But you're the sheriff!
I'm the goddamn substitute.
- What. man?
- What?
What are you
talking about. man?
- Hey!
- Okay!
- I'm sorry!
- What's going on?
Why didn't you guys just
take the till?
When you asked about
the vault. they... they...
What about the vault?
Don't make me
ask twice.
Holy shit.
Yeah. We weren't after this.
- What is this?
- Oh.
Oh. come on.
Hey! Come back here!
Where you going?
Calm the fuck down!
Be cool. man.
Just chill. Chill.
We're beyond
chill. mother--
Ah!
Oh.
Okay. We gotta
put pressure on it.
Ready? One. two. three.
- Oh. yeah.
- I know. I'm sorry.
That stings.
Mike. is that you?
I can hear your jacket!
No. boss!
Go around!
Please. get
us out of here.
Oh.
- What's happening?
- Heck if I know.
It's Lori. right?
Yeah. This is Keith.
That's Ulysses.
Oh. hey. Did you ever
get dog food for Olive?
- Yeah. I did.
- Good.
What is going
on here?
I don't know what
the hell this is.
but they shot at me
and you didn't.
so the way I see it. this
fucked-up little trio of ours.
we're a team.
You good with that?
Yes. sir.
How you feeling?
Yeah. about as
good as I look.
So worse than
I thought. then.
I'll buy
us some time.
Time for what?
I'm working on that.
See what's inside
those crates.
- Why?
- Because they look military.
and we look outgunned.
Deputy Blaine?
You still with us?
Yeah. Luckily
for you. he is.
You managed to shoot
his ear off. I'll tell you.
Mayor.
Yeah. Sheriff...
Sheriff?
He hung up on me.
The fucker
hung up on me.
No. no. no.
Lower your guns.
My bad. My bad. Bars.
All right. Here.
I got him. I got him.
You were saying?
Yeah. I was saying
that I asked my deputy
to shoot you clean through.
but I guess. like. a small
request is too much for him.
What are you. blind?
Sorry. Snow
got into my eye.
so I had to close it
and... and...
You what?
I've seen what's in the vault.
Who's in on this?
Is it you and Blaine or
the whole department?
Son. I have got
the whole town at my back.
Let me explain.
You're just one cop.
We're Normal. population 1.890.
What's it all about. Mayor?
What's this all about?
You know. main
streets like ours...
they are like strewn
corpses across America.
holding on
by a thread.
hoping they can keep
a dialysis center open
or a little thrift shop
or an antique store
with no antiques.
They've been plundered
by banks and conglomerates.
So when the Yakuza came
and said they want
to make a deal--
With the Yakuza?
Trust me.
They're a thing.
They make a lot
of money in America.
They can't ship
it all home.
So when they
asked us to hold
a portion of their
illicit US profits--
for a percentage.
mind--
I said. "Sure. We'll
take it."
And the whole town
sold its soul.
Not the whole town.
There was
some negative Nancys.
But I took care
of them. trust me.
And. uh...
me having seen what I've seen.
I guess there's no way
out of this for me alive.
You know. there's a way.
You want a deal?
What kind of deal?
You put a bullet in the head
of those two assholes
that started this trouble.
the blood on your hands
is insurance enough for me.
What do you say?
All right.
now. he hung up on me.
Now. he hung up on me!
Guns up!
All right.
here we go. here we go.
What'd you find?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
There it is.
It's so beautiful.
There goes
the substation at Brandon!
Storm must have
knocked the power out.
Oh. darn.
Hello?
Let me out!
I think this
is a good omen. right?
- Jesus.
- That's not where I was aiming.
Let's go.
I think I can see someone.
Give me that.
- Holy shit!
- Fuck this!
Fuck this town!
- Calm down. Tom.
- I am outta here!
- Anyone else?
- No. no. no. no.
We're all good. Joe.
We're all good.
- Where did they go?
- Oh. hey. Mr. Joe.
Where did they go?
They headed down.
back towards Main Street.
You touch the base with Oyabun?
Which means?
There's no way
to get a hold of him.
For all he knows.
his piggy bank was raided.
Oyabun is coming.
Go! Go!
Shit. I'm out.
Get off the street.
We're sitting ducks out here.
Keep moving.
- Hey. freeze!
- Oh. shit!
Oh. I'm good. I'm good.
I'm good. I'm just...
Get inside! Get inside!
- Drop it now!
- Don't shoot!
Stand down!
Oh! Okay!
- Oh. God!
- Come on. baby.
I thought
this was a normal town.
but this is not normal.
Stop shooting!
God damn it!
Are both your wounds okay?
Yeah.
I think I heard something.
Hold on. Hold on.
Come on.
Hello?
How is he?
Not good. I think
there's someone in here.
Hello?
- Mary Beth.
- Oh. my God. What happened?
Have you got a first-aid kit?
Yeah. in my stock room.
Is that radio working?
How is that on?
Uh. battery operated.
You said this
is a CB radio. too. right?
Where's the mic on this thing?
Hey. Knitting Needle.
if you see the sheriff.
you stop him. He knows.
Shit!
Calm down. Mary Beth!
We don't wanna hurt you!
Sure. you don't.
I wasn't born yesterday!
Oh. no. my shop!
Goddamn tourists.
Ain't got no fucking respect.
Okay.
- Ha!
- Hey. Mary Beth!
Let me go. you fucker!
Suck on this!
Oh. God. Sorry. lady.
Let there be light.
You don't understand.
Oyabun will have us all killed.
Kenny will help us out.
We'll get nice and warm inside.
Come on! Regroup and rearm.
In here. Deputy Blaine.
- Evening. everybody.
- Oh. hey. Kenny.
Kenny. I'm gonna need
your medical kit.
On it. Doc.
Kenny. we're gonna need
some more ammo.
Help yourself.
You know where to find it.
Ice for this
severed ear. Kenny!
So. what's with all
this nighttime commotion?
Uh. you know.
a pair of bank robbers.
they decided to team up
with the sheriff
after they discovered
the Yakuza gold in our vault.
And they blew up
the mayor. Kenny.
He's on my face.
It was really gross.
Oh. shit.
Oyabun is coming to kill us all.
You have your devil.
We have our Akuma.
Both fear Oyabun.
Look. the way I figure it.
with the power down.
they can't get the word out.
And with the storm
being what it is.
they're stuck here with us.
And you know.
better to be the hunter...
than the hunted.
Right?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
So. who's up
for an affogato?
On the house.
- Yeah.
Open that.
Oh. damn.
Oh. God. Gimme some tape.
Where's Olive?
She's in the car.
sweetheart.
We left the heater on.
remember?
So. it's just us three versus
this entire whack-ass town?
Well. usually.
when you rob a bank.
there are consequences.
Although this.
this is a new one.
We just wanted something.
If we get through
whatever the fuck this is.
that'll be something.
Okay.
What's the plan?
We're gonna go
to the police station.
They got a snowplow there.
We'll get the fuck out of Dodge.
Okay. I can drive a snowplow.
Then you're the man.
- Let's go. Let's go.
- Okay.
Come on. Mr. Plow.
Go! Go!
I'm okay. He hit the vest!
Get out of here!
We'll meet
at the police station!
Stop!
Lookie what I hooked.
Hello. Sheriff. Eat bar!
You're a slippery
little fishy. ain't ya?
God damn it! Stay down!
What the hell. man?
What is wrong with you people?
We looked you up
and we chose you
because of your reputation
for not giving a shit.
Why'd you decide to start now?
I'm not myself lately.
God damn.
God...
Heh. Old-fashioned
stump removers.
I'm out.
- Huh?
- I don't have anymore.
Was that a mailman? What?
You stole a gold brick?
Of course I did.
Physics. bitch.
Is he okay?
Um. no.
Go! Go!
Go!
Hold your fire! Hold your fire!
They murdered James.
They murdered our mailman.
Oh. what fresh hell is this?
Whoa. be careful
with that. Father.
It's only a flare.
Hey. there's another one.
It's okay.
Clayton!
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
- Mike!
- I got it. Blaine!
- I got it! I got it.
- Mike...
What are you doing.
Mike?
God's sakes.
See that. Blaine? I'm a hero.
Mike!
Oh. he's gone.
Yeah. no thank you.
I thought you knew
how to drive one of these.
Yeah. I do.
But. you know. I do.
I... I did.
It's just-- it's just...
Remember when you said
you could drive a train?
And that was bullshit. too.
Yeah.
- See?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Give me that.
You're spoiling everything.
Oh no.
Help! Sheriff. help!
Hey.
Oh. my bad.
I should have knocked.
Can you drive this thing?
Yeah. I think so.
Okay. well. get to a hospital.
- You're not coming with us?
- No. I'm sticking around.
I'm tired of running away
from every goddamn thing.
And you consider this
your second chance.
You take that gold brick. eh?
And go build something
good out of it.
Take care of yourselves.
Go.
How do we even
sell a gold brick?
Break it in half?
Well. haven't thought
that far ahead.
Damn it.
Where could they have gone?
It's a small town.
Hey.
That's our plow.
That ain't Ulysses.
He ain't the running type.
Well.
where's he gonna hide?
- Police station.
- Let's get him.
- Whoa! Jeez!
- Stop! Stop!
There's Olive.
Hey. sweet girl.
Good girl. Come on.
Let's go.
Let's go home.
Yeah. Olive.
Fuck this place.
Moira.
Hey. lawman.
You don't--
you don't happen to have
a drink on you. do you?
Now. what kind of bartender
would I be... if I didn't?
Let's trade.
Uh-uh. fucking slowly.
Well. drink up...
so. we can all clean up
this mess you made
before the Yakuza turn up
and kill every single one of us.
You. too. huh?
Just doing what I need to
to survive.
At what cost?
My soul.
Although.
they're cheap nowadays.
Hell. you sold yours.
didn't you?
I didn't sell mine.
I lost it.
How did you know?
Bartenders hear
a lot of bullshit.
You get really good
at sniffing out the lies.
Your story was true right
until the end. am I right?
The girl didn't kill her dad.
You did.
I shot him...
right between the eyes
for what he'd done.
I figured it was justice.
Now. I don't know.
I've been avoiding making
any choices since then.
just watching life
from the sidelines.
That's my truth.
Now. you go.
What happened to Gunderson?
I already told mine.
Me. fish? Fuck no.
Probably the only one
in town who don't.
Gunderson. he had
a fishing pole in one hand.
like this one.
and an auger in the other.
So. my guess is he thought
he was going ice fishing.
Who the fuck goes
ice fishing with a fly rod?
No one.
I lied. I killed him.
Because he wanted
a bigger cut of the deal?
Because he wanted out
of the job. of...
...the town. the arrangement.
Why?
Missed his kid.
This town made him choose.
It's a small town
in every way. you know.
- small-minded.
- Yeah. I get that.
- And no one gets out.
- Not even him.
So. you got him drunk and...
walked him out and...
Watched him freeze to death...
which takes longer
than you'd think.
Unless you're wet. which he was.
because I poured water on him.
But I learned something
about myself that night.
What's that?
That I can do
what needs to be done.
- What happened to you?
- Nothing I didn't choose.
Like I said.
that's a cool belt.
What the fuck. Sheriff?
Tell me about it.
I think he would have
wanted you to have this.
especially in light
of current events.
Let's go. Deputy.
This shit storm
is only gonna get worse.
Whoa!
Hey. Blaine.
Light 'em up!
Bulletproof. motherfuckers.
Whoa!
Hey. Blaine!
Yeah. Joe? Damn it.
Did we leave anyone
back at the bank?
No. Joe.
And the vault?
Yeah. Joe?
Is it... still open?
Yoo-hoo!
Answer the phone.
My deputy is currently securing
the contents of your vault.
Securing?
Bricks of C4
have been planted
in and amongst the Yakuza's
physical deposits. as it were.
So. to sum up.
if I die. it all goes boom.
And if it goes boom.
well. them being
the Yakuza and all.
I don't think it ends
real well for you.
If we don't finish this
here and now.
the Yakuza will hunt down
and kill each
and every one of us.
me included.
But wait. there's more.
I've got a proposal.
We tidy up the bank.
make it look like an accident.
like nothing bad happened.
Just another Saturday.
Mm.
Kenny. you say this
is Belgian chocolate?
French.
Mm. Same difference. you know.
So. that's your plan?
That's it.
Just make it seem like
any other day.
Basically. yeah.
The Yakuza show up.
their treasure is untouched.
Nothing more than a car accident
that set off the alarm.
Life in Normal is normal. calm.
Calm... cleans messy.
That's right.
Why don't I just kill you
right now?
The only thing your boss
is gonna give a shit about
is that you messed up.
I say we play the hand
that's been dealt to all of us.
You make us look good.
we'll make you look good.
And maybe you get to keep
the rest
of your goddamn fingers.
I'm sorry that I.
uh... killed your mayor.
I know you liked him a lot.
Though. he did seem
a bit of an a-hole.
Okay.
What do you say?
Well. it...
isn't much of a plan.
Well. I'm not much of a sheriff.
but I'm all you've got.
Hey. Alex.
Let's a put on a show.
I'm kind of liking...
Deputy.
Fuck yeah.
Come on. people!
This is the new Normal!
It's gotta seem
like an accident!
Like there wasn't
a massacre here. you know?
Bring it in! Bring it in!
Look for loose limbs!
Watch for blood splotches.
Cover 'em up.
Winter wonderland!
Let's go for it. folks.
Make it nice for our guests.
Let's bring it around.
Down there.
look for any loose entrails.
Swear to God.
I had no idea
about killing Gunderson.
You believed
that bullshit
about the fishing rod?
Sorry.
I'm not much of a fisherman.
but. yeah. I get your point.
And you tried to shoot me.
Yeah. I did shoot you.
but I didn't kill you.
That's the important thing.
We're here together.
both of us...
alive.
Do you. uh...
Do you really think
this is gonna work?
You a betting man?
To my own detriment.
to be sure.
I'd put a Benji on the lay.
Wait a minute. You're--
You're betting against us?
Oof. We're fucked. huh?
Well. best get into character.
As you can s--
Can you-- Can you translate?
As you can see. the storm here
was something else.
It knocked out phones.
internet. cell service. hell.
you name it. it's down.
Howdy. y'all.
Oh. he's the interim.
like I told you.
He don't know shit.
He's. uh. not too bright.
Deputy Blaine.
you know these folks?
You want to explain to them
they can't come
tearing through our county
in a convoy like this
without getting
a greeting from the law?
Well. uh. this is actually
Pastor Oyabun. Sheriff.
- Oh. a pastor.
- Mm-hmm.
He's got a small parish
just over yonder
down near Everton.
What's his denomination?
Protestant. Ain't that right?
- Tell him.
- He's mad.
What's he upset about?
I think--
I think that he wants to go
to the bank.
He can't go
to the bank. We've got the...
- Yeah. yeah. but...
- There's people down.
- It's true that...
- Hey!
Hey. hey.
- We'll make an exception.
- Make an exception.
- We'll give you an escort.
- Follow us. Let's go.
Okay. Deputy Blaine.
let's take our guests
the long way around.
Give them a little more time
to fix up the bank.
Those aren't
the best shoes.
Yes. sir.
Right this way.
So. just watch
your step. Come on.
Well. it doesn't look good.
I know.
Careful of the snow.
The driver was killed on impact.
as was the bank manager
and security guard.
Sheriff. you mind
if I show him the vault?
The church has some papers
in their safe deposit box.
- Yeah. sure. go ahead.
- Good. Yeah. this way.
The building's in fine shape.
Uh. actually. it wasn't
a load-bearing wall.
Excuse me. Uh...
As you can see.
the vault. it's untouched.
Excuse me. Pristine.
Whoa! The church
has done well. huh?
Pretty color. huh?
Why did you invite
them out for food?
I only know. like. four phrases
in Japanese. and...
I guess I panicked.
Is your boss
enjoying the meatloaf?
This is divine.
Your English is very good. sir.
I watch a lot of Friends.
Who's in for mimosas?
Should I make a toast?
- Don't.
- Uh. excuse me. Um...
I. uh...
I'd like to propose a toast.
Um... You know. I'm. uh.
what you might call
a "people person."
So. this toast is to friendship.
I think it's important
that I take credit
for this event.
When I become
the next sheriff of Normal.
there will be many more
opportunities to come together
and break bread.
strengthening our link.
And with Pastor Oyabun
and his friendly. friendly.
um. congregation.
I think this is a new chapter
for our town
and our happy arrangement.
So. I'd like to say
thank you for all your help
and to many.
many more years
of friendly people helping
other friendly people.
Please!
Oh. shit.
Asshole!
Hey!
Get your hands off!
God damn it!
Sheriff?
Sheriff!
All friends now?
Anyone for pie?
Mm.
You want to be
sheriff now?
Yeah. Yeah. sure.
Thanks for taking care of it
for me.
Oh. There's one other thing.
Here's that 100 on the lay.
Guess you won.
Can I have that pie back?
This is Penny.
I'm sorry I missed you.
Please leave a message.
and I'll circle back
when I can. Thanks.
Hey. Penny. it's me.
I'm-- I'm in Texas now.
Yeah. filling in for a sheriff
on maternity leave.
I much prefer the weather here.
It's warm. Don't miss the cold.
Oh. and I picked up an
interim deputy along the way.
People are pretty much
the same.
Then. again. not.
All things considered. though...
...I'm in a better place.
As for the town of Normal.
well.
I left it as I found it.
you could say.
I mean. that's the job.
isn't it?
Besides. I'm never looking
for trouble.
If it wants you.
it'll find you on its own.
and it can be hard
to shake once it does.
Well. thanks for listening.
Penny. I--
Hi. Ulysses.
Hey. Penny.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today